Getting Started Guide: Windows & CMake support (#16)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Guide: chapters/getting_started_windows.md

In this guide we're going to use the following tools:

- C/C++ compiler (MSVC & LLVM)
- CMake (Cross-platform Make)
- Git
- Vcpkg (Cross-platform pacakge management)
- The command-line
- Visual Studio Code

Steps will be provided to obtain a minimal and productive environment.

## Installation

In this guide we'll be using latest (at the time of writing) Windows 10. Installation for the most part will happen via [winget](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/winget/), the 1st party command-line tool for installing software on Windows. If for whatever reason you do not have the `winget` client on your PATH, it is bundled with the [App Installer](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/app-installer/9nblggh4nns1) package in the Microsoft Store. Updating this component should also install the command-line tool.

_(NOTE: installation commands if not issued from a shell with Administrator privileges, UAC prompts will pop up. If you are in an automated scenario where that's an issue, make sure to work in such a shell.)_

> After installing everything, open a new shell, otherwise the tools will not be available on the PATH for convenient invocation.

### C/C++ compiler

> Open your favorite shell in your faovrite terminal and issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your favorite shell in your favorite terminal and issue:
```

```powershell
& "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\Installer\setup.exe" install --passive --norestart --productId Microsoft.VisualStudio.Product.BuildTools --channelId VisualStudio.17.Release --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.Tools.x86.x64 --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.Redist.14.Latest
```

> Developers targeting Windows 10 will need to add `--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows10SDK.19041` to the command-line while targeting Windows 11 requires `--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows11SDK.22000`

### Git

You most likely already have Git installed. If not, we'll install it, because this is what Vcpkg uses to keep it's repository up-to-date. Open your favorite shell in your faovrite terminal and issue:

```
winget install Git.Git
```

### CMake

If you do not have CMake installed yet, we'll install it, as it's the primary supported build system, as it will make our builds much simpler. Open your favorite shell in your faovrite terminal and issue:

```
winget install Kitware.CMake
```

### Visual Studio Code

> While IDEs are highly opinionated, for an IDE with widespared adoption and small footprint, VS Code everything (and more) to get off the ground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While IDEs are highly opinionated, for an IDE with widespread adoption and small footprint, VS Code has everything (and more) to get off the ground.
```
